Provide `-filter` and `-override` with command line generator (#106)
nginxinc/nginx-go-crossplane: README.md

```

# Generate support for third-party modules

> This is a simple example that takes the path of a third-party module source code to generate support for it. For detail usage of the tool, please run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a simple example that takes the path of a third-party module source code to generate support for it. For detailed usage of the tool, please run
```

Author: Applied

> `go run ./cmd/generate/ --help`
> Assume the source code path of that module is `./src`. You can call `go run ./cmd/generate/ --src-path=./src`. The stdout will be like

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`go run ./cmd/generate/ --help`. Assuming the source code path of that module is `./src`, you can call `go run ./cmd/generate/ --src-path=./src`. The output will be similar to:
```
